

The main target of creating and implementation of this project 
is to make more easy the analyzing and administration of a cluster's 
work.

The input information for this program is the set of realtime host's 
parameters which is output of psid deamon.

The output of this program is a graphical representation of various
combinations of parameters.

Technically this program is a set of a collecting part (deamon, which
must work on the one workstation of the cluster or a cluster's front-
end workstation) and a graphical representation part (right now it is 
a standalone Java application or Java applet). The communication 
layer between this parts is designed as a TCP/IP socket. The graphical
part is flexible and can work on any OS, which supports a Java virtual
machine or supoorts JVM inside a Web-browser, supoorts TCP/IP sockets.
Right now the special "Java-C socket engine" and corresponded protocol 
is implemented. 
Now a grphical  part is designed with using of SWING, but in future this 
part will not require SWING. (The neccessary functionality will be 
designed just with help of AWT). 

For a graphical representation of a information a lot of custom 
visula components (Beans) are neccessary. These components are
"The Percent Bar", "The Diagram" and "The Columns Diagram". 

The most important parameters(CPU load and quantity of a task on a host) 
and state(on/off) of a host is represented by the custom component with 
using the "The Percent Bar". The changing of parameters  during a period 
of time will be represented by a "The Diagram" component.  
The compound view of a paramters of a different subjects of analyzing 
will be represented by "The Columns Diagram" component.
The subjects of analyzing can be hosts, cluster or groups of a hosts.
Additionally for representing a tree of processes of every host will be 
used the "Tree" component. The refreshing of a information is supposed.

For administration part is neccessary the custom authentification 
subsystem and a subsystem of a task controlling.

The possible extension: 
- the Tru64 portation.
- the portation of a graphical part to KDE & Qt
- the portation of a graphical part for using in Internet to servlet or 
CGI program and JScript program.

